and let's talk about it you didn't you
didn't touch the puck meter stick to see
the video or something you have to show
me a video what he did well I told you
anything so yeah I think it was all that
much but it had a little bit of had a
little bit back there I mean I go back
to great there you know who knows what
would happen on the play but he's just
that's I've never ever seen anything
like that did you realize it I know it's
from the bench for sure yeah because I
knew there was that behind me you know
he was going to be a couple starting
behind me I knew that but I knew it
definitely right away that's why I
thought I did yeah maybe I should kept
playing tough tough call tough play you
can see that play happen a lot yeah I'm
sure they'll say afterwards I'm sure he
didn't know what he was thinking either
but it's just one most weighty thing you
hope that they see it and they didn't so
we've got some calls this year that
maybe we shouldn't have gotten Ryan
actually denied touching the puck in the
locker room sparse he did
it's right behind Stoli when we gotta
reach son he's on the ice and push left
and there's no demos unfortunate than
the rest of us but you know sometimes
things like that have a beer seen or
heard or anything like that no its first
time that's ever happened that I've
witnessed even watching games or
anything like that you know keeping an
impact on that rush if we did slow down
the game sprite cut out so surprised
because Jairus
carrying the puck that nobody else not
the question whether I'd seen it before
press the big good scene but have you
seen something like that before here in
your hockey history
let's loses glasses glasses
obviously didn't I mean if they did they
they waited they would call it honestly
that call is a nun Sports Lake our two
minutes gotta be some sort alaikum I'm
not really sure honest what that was
thank you